let's fire the sponsored portion of the
stream this is going to be hero Academy
- and what this is is I was having a
hard time explaining it earlier so I
think probably the best way for me to
explain it should just give this thing a
try well what happens we have some some
packs open up and things like that and
if you guys want to get this game it is
a free-to-play game the first when one
of you guys to reading the code bashira
in game will get a bonus premium pack
so what open packs a little bit the
first things first I don't actually just
show you guys the level so you have
cards right and your cards are kind of
like the characters and and ability is
that you can play on the map but you'll
see the map is divided up into these
little squares these little areas and
then you have your little crystal that
has health and then you have the enemy
crystal that has health and so the idea
is to deplete their crystals health
obviously you're gonna do that by
drawing cards playing cards and
positioning your units in such a way
that they can attack the enemies crystal
so not once again not an expert but it's
a pretty fun game
give it a try I definitely want to share
with you guys and of course thank you to
hero Academy 2 for given an opportunity
to do that in a sponsored Street like
this so let's check it out so our goal
is to destroy the enemy crystal so I
have a couple of these different guys
let's see I'm gonna play the footmen
first all these cut well you wanna play
the footmen first because I'm gonna get
him out there so I can position this
thing this thing does a smash which
means that on targets that can't move it
does like extra to damage so finding a
way to get that thing over here would be
awesome but I don't think we have much
more we can do just play that guy and
then we can we can move him can he
attack still no he can't attack yet we
could have probably put this in place
but I thought he might have a thing that
could kill this so this may be a better
move we'll see put it up put another
footman down to defend and I'll put one
of these guys down to attack move this
one over here alright can I like can I
seal them in can I put a wolf up down -
oh we're gonna seal them in you're not
allowed you're not allowed to come to my
to my side of the map dude you're not
allowed to come to my side of the map
I'm just gonna go ahead and start taking
potshots well no I'm gonna take I'm
gonna put a hit right here she's
probably gonna tack something I'm gonna
okay I'm an attacker because if she hits
the pup then she dies
she just knocked my armor off we're good
we're good
I'm just gonna put this down and I'm
gonna block him off okay so I can only I
could only have five at a time so just
letting me know that now was active and
count hero's count towards this oh okay
so this little this little wolf pup even
though it's ko'd actually counts against
my total of how many things I could have
now I think if I if I move this guy to
this it's gonna take the little wolf pup
off the map so I'm just gonna go over
here I'm pretty sure like this is this
is fairly overall but we'll smack that
move from smack this move them and smack
it again sir Baldrick is pretty much
just done so here I'm gonna imagine oh
that's him that's his that's that's his
official character this guy's dead but
I'm he's very dead in anyway let's see I
kind of want to no pain no gain boost
damage brother here listen next time
okay well he's already dead so there's
he's not gonna get much out of this I
want to play a card anyway just for fun
just for fun I can't we have that many
guys does anybody damaged no nobody's
damaged
this is the gauls guy I can destroy a
hero oh my gosh I'm not gonna do it
right now though that's okay what is
that the game give it a good smack
aruond it's over easy oh I get a starter
deck if I complete the campaign should
we do it take a break from challenges
and do the Dark Elf quest let's do it
well we have the good news is we have
terminus in our deck the bad news is we
can't play anything in the beginning now
if I get there's no way to get for mana
next turn right like that's not how it
works
we're just we're so we're to save it up
for terminus dude can they even can they
deal with this but yeah what I'm doing
right now is like this like I'm doing a
PvE battle basically to unlock at the
deck that I'm playing against but you
can also do PvP battles as well I'm
getting terminus all swallowed up man
he's gonna wreck shop if they don't do
something about this I'm gonna kill this
terminus is gonna take this whole match
over dude I don't know the only thing I
can stop them
let's get let's get this guy in position
to start smacking some stuff dude bro I
guess I can start rushing him let's get
this guy down actually cuz he can't even
run really far what was that hold on
oh he just he just gets plus 2 damage
whenever he went every charges oh if I
like make him run in a line then he gets
more damage does he charge if I move at
all let's find out yep as long as you
move him before it counts as a charge do
that terminus just wrecked house that
kind of a tough match right there dude
yeah
so many cards thank you guys so much for
hanging out as always and of course
thank you to Hiro Academy - for
sponsoring this portion of the stream
was a lot of fun checking the game out I
had a blast hopefully you guys had fun
watching definitely like I said check
out the game if it looks like fun to you
but with that guys I'm gonna call it a
night get some food and get some work
done get some rest and we'll be back
tomorrow morning for some more games and
games but until that time guys have an
excellent evening I'll see you guys next
time peace